[TASK] Allow extension version declaration in extra.version #1686 (#6522)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/FileStructure/ComposerJson.rst

version
-------

> (*required* for Classic mode installations but see

Reviewer: Is it required when you can also use extra.version?

:ref:`ext-composer-json-property-extra-version` below)

The version must match the tagged release version. Extension Manager (Classic mode)
uses the version property for compatibility checks.

> Using the top level "version" field for a TYPO3 extension version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the top level `version` field for a TYPO3 extension version
```

in classic mode has the disadvantage that Composer pulls in

> this version also for branches (i.e. dev versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this version also for branches (for example dev versions).
```
